Awesome job in this lesson.
You've come so far.
First, we took a look at the downfalls of some
of the recommendation methods you saw in the last lesson.
Specifically, we were worried that these didn't
easily allow for us to know how well we were doing.
Because the recommendations we make,
might never actually be seen by our user.
In which case, we don't know if they even like them or not.
You learned about Singular Value Decomposition,
as a means to predict rating values.
These predicted ratings could then be compared to the actual ratings,
to help us understand how well our predictions were performing.
Unfortunately, we found this didn't work well when our ratings matrix had missing values.
Therefore, you implemented funk SVD.
Using funk SVD, you found that you could make predictions for any user movie pair.
Except, when you are given a new user or a new movie.
For these new users and movies,
we've looked at a few different options,
like using content or ranked based recommendations.
Finally, you integrated this all into a Python module.
Now, others and future you,
can enjoy the fruits of your labor without having to
do all of the labor over again. Awesome job.